He lied.
I went to see him last Wednesday.
I saw him with my own eyes
Test papers happen in the office
hadron
What do you mean?
The day after I saw him enter the office
He took out the test center 07.
Changde, what are you talking about?
Liang Zihan just entered the office
Do you think you are so skeptical?
Director, I did go to the office last Wednesday
But I went to get a list for Ge Yue
Because I don't know where
So I watch it every week.
But I really didn't see any monthly test papers.
Look old next year
At your level
I can't analyze the question at all
Liang Zi, please admit your mistake
The teachers won't make it difficult for you
fart
Is this recognizable?
Liu Xiang, what do you mean?
What kind of person is Liang Zi?
Don't you know our brothers in recent years?
Go quickly
Xu Ziliang
This is really not going to work out.
I just discussed it with Mr. Zhao.
We've decided not to deal with this matter for you.
But your test results this time
To void
Yeah, I agree.
Just follow Principal Lin's method
Cannot be voided